extra.md, before:

<!-- 1. Introduction  -->

<!-- 2. Installation and setup -->

Install angular 10
steps=>

    Node and npm should be install

    Install command line for angular
    npm install -g @angular/cli
    or
    npm install =global @angular/cli@next

    ng new appName
    cd appName
    ng serve => to start application
    by default run at port 4200


<!-- 3. Point of vedio -->
    what is package JSON file
    what is node_modules
    src folder
    environments
    assets
    index.html
    style.css
    app
    modules
    components

        editorconfig
        karma.config
        package.lock.json
        tslint
        typescript files
        e2e folder


<!-- 5.Interpolation -->
    what is interpolation
    With variables
    With object
    With array
    With functions
    And much more

Interpolation => {{}} => Inside this curly braces we can access any string, number/integer, array, object and functions.

<!-- 6. What is Component -->
    UnderStand component
    4 files in componet
    Edit Component
    Make New Component =>

        ng generate component userList
        or
        ng g c userList


<!-- 7. Module  -->
    What is Module
    Exploder app Module
    How to make Module
    How to use Module


<!-- 8. Call Function | click event  -->
    How to call a function in angular

        Define a function
        Make button and call function on button click
        pass params with function call
        pass property in function params


<!-- 9. Event in angular -->
    ***Import Event in angular
    *click Event 
    *keyup event (keyup) => when we remove fingure then get  value
    *get values on textbox
    *keyup with enter and space (keyup.enter, keyup.space)
    *keydown => run on every change
    *blur
    *mouseover and mouseleave


<!-- 10. Get input box value -->
    Get TextBox value

        get value with value change
        get value with button click


<!-- 11. Property Binding -->
        Bind a Property with html element
        lets take 2 textbox
        try to enable
        find different between Property Binding and Interpolation


<!-- 12. Condition in Angular -->
        Make If Condition
        Make If else Condition
        Make Condition with string
        Make elseif Condition
        Make Condition with property Binding


<!-- 13. Switch Case in Angular -->
    Make a property color
    Show data according to color name
    Switch Case


<!-- 14. For Loop in Angular -->
    Make a array
    apply for loop with it
    Make a array with object
    apply for loop with it in table


<!-- 15. Simple form and get form value -->
    Make a simple form in angular

        Import Form module in module file
        Make a form
        Make function and get form value


<!-- 16. Make a Header and Footer -->
    to make component use command =>
    ng generate component componentName
    or 
    ng g c componentName

        Create Header Component
        Create Footer Component
        Use Both Component
        Add style


<!-- 17. Style Binding -->
    Different between normal style and style binding
    Add dynamic style
    Update style with button click
    Add Conditional style


<!-- 18. Add Bootstrap -->
    Run Command for install bootstrap => ng add @ng-bootstrap/ng-bootstrap
    Try with some bootstrap example
    We Check and use code from Official website of ng-bootstrap

Steps =>
    1. ng add @ng-bootstrap/ng-bootstrap


<!-- 19. Add Material UI in angular 10 -->
    What is material UI
    Install Material => ng add @angular/material
    Select some when while installing Material
    Use some component with example
    Such as Slider and Button

Steps =>
    1. ng add @angular-material


<!-- 20. Pass Data To Child Component -->
    Make users Component
    Make it child of app component
    Pass data to app to Child Component
    Display data in child Component


<!-- 23. Pipe with Example -->
    What is pipe
        Pipe with String
        Pipe with Date
        Pipe with slice
        Pipe with currency
        etc
        Example


<!-- 24. Basic Routing -->
    Make new angular project
    Make 2 Component
    Add routing in app-routing-module file
    Write code in HTML file for making Routing Link
    Test Routing

If you did not select routing option on the project make time
ng generate module app-routing --flat --module-app


<!-- 25. Page Not Found (404 page) -->
    What is 404 page
    Make a component
    Use it as 404 page with wildcard routing


<!-- 26.  -->

Commit message:

for loop with data pass parent to child

extra.md, after:

<!-- 1. Introduction  -->

<!-- 2. Installation and setup -->

Install angular 10
steps=>

    Node and npm should be install

    Install command line for angular
    npm install -g @angular/cli
    or
    npm install =global @angular/cli@next

    ng new appName
    cd appName
    ng serve => to start application
    by default run at port 4200


<!-- 3. Point of vedio -->
    what is package JSON file
    what is node_modules
    src folder
    environments
    assets
    index.html
    style.css
    app
    modules
    components

        editorconfig
        karma.config
        package.lock.json
        tslint
        typescript files
        e2e folder


<!-- 5.Interpolation -->
    what is interpolation
    With variables
    With object
    With array
    With functions
    And much more

Interpolation => {{}} => Inside this curly braces we can access any string, number/integer, array, object and functions.

<!-- 6. What is Component -->
    UnderStand component
    4 files in componet
    Edit Component
    Make New Component =>

        ng generate component userList
        or
        ng g c userList


<!-- 7. Module  -->
    What is Module
    Exploder app Module
    How to make Module
    How to use Module


<!-- 8. Call Function | click event  -->
    How to call a function in angular

        Define a function
        Make button and call function on button click
        pass params with function call
        pass property in function params


<!-- 9. Event in angular -->
    ***Import Event in angular
    *click Event 
    *keyup event (keyup) => when we remove fingure then get  value
    *get values on textbox
    *keyup with enter and space (keyup.enter, keyup.space)
    *keydown => run on every change
    *blur
    *mouseover and mouseleave


<!-- 10. Get input box value -->
    Get TextBox value

        get value with value change
        get value with button click


<!-- 11. Property Binding -->
        Bind a Property with html element
        lets take 2 textbox
        try to enable
        find different between Property Binding and Interpolation


<!-- 12. Condition in Angular -->
        Make If Condition
        Make If else Condition
        Make Condition with string
        Make elseif Condition
        Make Condition with property Binding


<!-- 13. Switch Case in Angular -->
    Make a property color
    Show data according to color name
    Switch Case


<!-- 14. For Loop in Angular -->
    Make a array
    apply for loop with it
    Make a array with object
    apply for loop with it in table


<!-- 15. Simple form and get form value -->
    Make a simple form in angular

        Import Form module in module file
        Make a form
        Make function and get form value


<!-- 16. Make a Header and Footer -->
    to make component use command =>
    ng generate component componentName
    or 
    ng g c componentName

        Create Header Component
        Create Footer Component
        Use Both Component
        Add style


<!-- 17. Style Binding -->
    Different between normal style and style binding
    Add dynamic style
    Update style with button click
    Add Conditional style


<!-- 18. Add Bootstrap -->
    Run Command for install bootstrap => ng add @ng-bootstrap/ng-bootstrap
    Try with some bootstrap example
    We Check and use code from Official website of ng-bootstrap

Steps =>
    1. ng add @ng-bootstrap/ng-bootstrap


<!-- 19. Add Material UI in angular 10 -->
    What is material UI
    Install Material => ng add @angular/material
    Select some when while installing Material
    Use some component with example
    Such as Slider and Button

Steps =>
    1. ng add @angular-material


<!-- 20. Pass Data To Child Component -->
    Make users Component
    Make it child of app component
    Pass data to app to Child Component
    Display data in child Component


<!-- 21. Reusable Component in Angular -->
    Make a user component
    Use it inside app component as child
    Pass data from parent to Child
    Use for loop and result child component

<!-- 23. Pipe with Example -->
    What is pipe
        Pipe with String
        Pipe with Date
        Pipe with slice
        Pipe with currency
        etc
        Example


<!-- 24. Basic Routing -->
    Make new angular project
    Make 2 Component
    Add routing in app-routing-module file
    Write code in HTML file for making Routing Link
    Test Routing

If you did not select routing option on the project make time
ng generate module app-routing --flat --module-app


<!-- 25. Page Not Found (404 page) -->
    What is 404 page
    Make a component
    Use it as 404 page with wildcard routing


<!-- 26.  -->
